Let's talk about automated threat intelligence for a moment.
With firewalls, we are specifically talking about
subscription based blacklisting and dynamic blacklisting.
But before we go into that let's discuss blacklist in more detail.
A blacklist, also known as a blocklist,
is a list of IP addresses that are not allowed to communicate with IPs on your network.
There are three primary types of IP blacklists.
A manual blacklist is a blacklist where
the security analyst manually adds and removes IP addresses.
A subscription based or automated blacklist is where
your organization subscribes to one or more blacklists that are maintained by others.
This can be open source or commercial in nature.
A dynamic blacklist is a blacklist that adapts to threats.
For instance, if an IP address suddenly attempts thousands of SSH connections,
it will automatically blacklist the IP.
This will require a firewall or peripheral device that allows this type of configuration.
A quick note, sometimes dynamic subscription are used interchangeably.
In this lesson, we'll be using them the way we just defined.
It is understandable to want to maintain
full control of the technology you are responsible for.
However, with the threat landscape changing and growing at ever increasing speed,
it is simply untenable to think that one person or
even a team can adequately monitor and maintain a blacklist for an organization.
Consider that IPv4 addresses provide over four billion possible IPs,
and with IPv6 being integrated into the conversation more frequently every day,
you can forget about trying to block individual IPs.
By subscribing to one or more blacklist and using dynamic blocking technology,
you are adding additional layers of security for your organization.